hey again guys this is part 20 a
soldiers mess hall
after the fight saying get to do some
more you know I can't climb like you can
acrobatics about that that sounds good
what is usual
so dramatic
I wonder if anybody's missed that sound
I'll probably sound weird right now I
have a cold yeah I still find the
strength to just do some commentary
you're welcome let's not all thank me at
once
aha
yeah see that drawbridge we have to go
over that whoo all right for drawbridge
five points the drawbridge just the
force I have it I just always go this
way I mean that's where you get out like
that's where you like exit
you go over here swing it from oh oh
okay
speaking of pose
it's probably one of the easiest parts I
just almost got hit
running prints frontier I'm so scared
yeah weird
I'm down here who cares
cuz I don't anyone want to second that
motion
once again you do the hard stuff she
gets to just climb a ladder Thanks hmm
don't mention it
that's food don't mention it
we're above the zoo we'll need to cross
that bridge oh thank you yes I'm just
going to suggest that yeah sure you were
you did it of course I did if you
weren't gonna do it cuz you can't do
this that's what I thought here
and here comes another fight singing on
a bridge about to give up all hope
right way but this scenario the easy way
so thank you for watching hope you liked
it
yeah next part it's about to come up so
stay tuned up I'll stop the story from
here later time p.m. yeah